Adoption of the updated Governance document (#10)
lexicon-community/governance: GOVERNANCE.md

# The Organization

> The mission of the Lexicon Community is to create an effective, active blueprint for collective ownership of Lexicons in the ATMosphere and build a stable and thoughtful lexicon that can be used by application, system, and SDK developers.

Reviewer: Would be nice to mention "lexicon-related tooling" in the mission also, but not a blocker.

Author: ```suggestion
The mission of the Lexicon Community is to create an effective, active blueprint for collective ownership of Lexicons in the ATMosphere and build a stable and thoughtful lexicon that can be used by application, system, and lexicon-related tooling developers.
```

Like this?
